README.md, before:

# MI_comparison

This project explores the links between missing data imputation and prediction, chiefly through the study of the Traumabase dataset for haemorrhagic shock prediction. The goal of this work is to investigate the way that missing data impacts prediction performance, and how various imputation methods perform at mitigating this impact.

We also perform a methodologic investigation regarding the way that current imputation methods can be used in the context of machine learning (in particular the issue of reusability of a fitted imputation model for new data)

## Repository structure

**TL;DR**: most of the useful and well-structured code can be found in Rcode/examples/Clean . This is probably where you want to go.
### References
This folder contains some references articles. Some of them describe the imputation methods used in this work, while others provide information on the subject of our main dataset: head trauma and haemorrhagic shock.

### Data
This folder contains the datasets used for the comparison. Our main subject of study if a medical dataset collected by the Traumabase organisation (http://www.traumabase.eu/en_US). It is not publicly available, and thus is not included in the repository.

### Rcode
This folder contains all of the code written for this project (cf the Readme for this folder)

Commit message:

Update readme and clean up backups

README.md, after:

# MI_comparison

This project explores the links between missing data imputation and prediction, chiefly through the study of the Traumabase dataset for haemorrhagic shock prediction. The goal of this work is to investigate the way that missing data impacts prediction performance, and how various imputation methods perform at mitigating this impact.

We also perform a methodologic investigation regarding the way that current imputation methods can be used in the context of machine learning (in particular the issue of reusability of a fitted imputation model for new data)

## Repository structure

### Data
This folder contains the datasets used for the comparison. Our main subject of study if a medical dataset collected by the Traumabase organisation (http://www.traumabase.eu/en_US). It is not publicly available, and thus is not included in the repository.

### Rcode
This folder contains all of the code written for this project (cf the Readme inside this folder for more information)

### Final report
This folder contains the latex source for the final project report. The final output is the file Ogier\_A\_final\_report.pdf . There we explain our motivation and research. All of the code used to get the results described is available in the *Rcode* folder.
